Classroom invite link refacto (#2282)
openfun/marsha: CHANGELOG.md

- Restrict video list endpoint to organisation admin
  and playlist admin or instructor

> - Refacto classroom invite link. the invite token in save in 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Refacto classroom invite link. The invite token is saved in 
```
